Agile project


About project

It is an entertainment application through which users can give their opinions about the movies seen, in order to save from the time of other people who would watch a movie classified as "weak" or which is not to their taste.

The films are already uploaded in the application, with a short presentation and a section where people can express their opinions and give a grade. The most voted film becomes "movie of the week". The user cannot upload movies other than the existing ones. Other users can also vote for others.

Users are ordinary people, looking for a movie to watch, who do not want to waste time with a poor movie or what is not what it seems in the description.
Investors can be directors, producers, or even acotrs who want to help develop the platform from a marketing purpose.
The competition is pretty fierce. Some of the main sites that have developed a similar model are: IMDb, TMDB, Rotten Tomatoes, etc.

User stories

1. As a user 
   I want to create a profile 
   So that I can have a personalized account

   Given that I have entered the singed up credentials
   When I click the sign up button
   Then I create an account to log in.

   Given that I have entered the log in credential
   When I click the edit button
   Then I can personalized my account with nickname, profile picture, description etc.	

2. As a user 
   I want to earn badges and points 
   So that I can buy different items from the store

   Given that I already have an account
   when I make and review on a movie
   Then I can earn points from other users when they like or comment my review
 
   Given that I already have an amount of points
   When I enter the store
   Then I can spend my points for different cosmetic items

3. As a user 
   I want to give scores 
   So that I can expres my opinion and see an overall score of a movie

   Given that I already have an account
   when I give a score to a movie
   Then I can see on my personal page all my scored movies 

   Given that I already have an account
   when I want to seatch for a movie
   Then I can sort them on the overall score

4. As a user 
   I want add other users on my firend list
   So that I can easily make friends and sent them messages

   Given that I already have an account
   when I click on the add friend button on other users profiles
   Then I add send them an invitiaton 

   Given that I already have an account
   when I click on the sent message button
   Then I can sent them a mail

5. As a user 
   I want to be able so makea group
   So that I can easily find other users that have the same interets as me

   Given that I already have an account
   when I click on the sent message button
   Then I can make a group with a name and description

   Given that I already have an account
   when I click on the search group button
   Then I can search for a group basen on its name

6. As an admin
   I want to add movies and remove users
   So that I can manage the application over time

   Given that I am an admin
   when I see a violation of rules from a user
   Then I can apply some sanctions on the user 

   Given that I am an admin
   when I want to edit the movies list
   Then I can use special buttons to add, edit or delete a movie 